We should go by market ID, by Eno, BID or Gino, BID. Okay. By sector, by cell by DU, like this.  Okay. Like we should be able to filter based on an actual hierarchy because I guess this DUI is just the database ID. No one would know that.  Okay. But to fetch it, we need this. So let's say if we give an input for market ID and it would be ID, so we can have like this generated.  This is, this is... an ATQL or an API? This is an API called. Okay, can, how can you just pull for the entire hierarchy from the market?  Okay. Market, you need from the market, not be, then sector, Yeah, 6 person, radio, whatever, right? Okay.  There are, there is a hierarchy to these elements. Okay. Yeah, me to ask, huh?  No, I got your point. I got your point. Uh, I'll.  So, uh, if you could just give like a market ID, we would be able to get the data. Is that what? Yes, it will be too much.  Yeah. It will be too much, right? Right.  So, at least you need a market ID and, you know, be ID. That's also too much. Then you can go to the carrier level.  When you go to the carrier level, you can, Well, that's what XPT do is doing because the data is too much. You can specify. Do you want it on the market level or the carrier level?  Right. Okay, so check with Lakshman, like, what the hierarchy can be here and how he can pull out for each and ask him if the data's too much or not. It would be too much, you know.  Just check. Okay. Okay.  And did you talk to Pooja? Uh, like, get here, did you get what Pooja or no? Uh, no, not with Pooja.  So I was connected with Lakshman on this TNC. No, Pulim, Pooja, and Explain, how to do a component and have her do the... Self-serve component.  Okay. You don't have to do it, but explain that if she doesn't know ang flow, just give some, we already have some SCQL component, she can take and modify. Okay.  Yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll ping her. Yeah. Okay.  Okay. Anything else? Uh, nothing from my Santa Maria.  CNS, how that is coming. you going out tomorrow, right? No, next week, not this week, okay. So, okay, so CNS, uh, house is gone.  So for CNS, uh, like, We were able to fetch, uh, let me show, uh, Okay. So, uh, he, uh, Raj is trying to, like, analyze, like, This CN pins, categories, and like trying to correlate. So yeah.  So I tried to help him with this dashboard that I created and So, uh, Yeah, so basically it's trying to fetch the big win. We don't, well, do this with lang flow. I mean, we don't need separately wise.  Yes, you learn food, you have a chart component. You can use that to achieve the same in the chat. Yeah, yeah.  So basically he had his existing code and that's why like I was working on it, but I'll be start working on creating these as a component in the life flow. Yes, I mean, he can do it for, like, himself or fly, but we need, see, any UI, if you have to do a custom screen, has to be part of self-serve. Any flow AI has to be in line flow.  So these separate UIs on rejecting from everyone. Okay. Okay.  So what you can do is, you can replicate the same. Landflow, you can just do a flow without AI. So we already have a component that can render this kind of chart.  Okay, for the daily stats, for KPIs, if you have different type of shorts, you could also do all that and render all shorts as chat up. It will come on the chat with you, Tokyo. Okay.  Okay. We really have an example with that somewhere. In the dash...  Yes, you will see that's dash chart in the title somewhere. And uh, into NSP flows or utils is coming in. I think, uh, is it here?  It's in the end when. I guess. This is the shared account or your account?  This one is the shared one. I think it's here, this one. Chart.  Could be, I mean, someone did move, I guess. But you should see a chart component inside, uh, towards the end, like by the end of the flow, scroll, uh, zoom in. Um, 5G charge and data?  Not this no. No, this is someone did something else. Yeah, ours, um, ours was, uh, I guess this is a show maybe.  Chart long-term trend. Yeah, try this. Yeah, that one, you see?  You can select the chart type, given the data, specify what you have for X access by access. Okay. Good to go.  Okay. Uh, yeah. multiple ones, to multiple checkouts, not just one. Yeah, so, yeah.  So basically it's trying to just generate a CSV and based on that CSV, it's populating those charts. So I can just, yeah. Yeah, pretty much for...  Yeah. Okay. All right, yeah, so I'll work on creating those components as well and yeah.  Connect with Pooja and Lakshman for the TNCA and the other self-serve components. Yep, uh, that's all from my side of work, yeah. Hey, um, I messaged Cliff, and I guess he changed it to HTTPS from HTTPP, so I just sent you that line armor, and it's working now. 
